#314: implemented switch for IMPORT statement for BigQuery dialect (#315)
exasol/virtual-schemas: doc/dialects/bigquery.md

The SQL statement below creates the adapter script, defines the Java class that serves as entry point and tells the UDF framework where to find the libraries (JAR files) for Virtual Schema and database driver.

> List all the jars from Magnitude Simba JDBC driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List all the JAR files from Magnitude Simba JDBC driver.
```

## Performance

Please be aware that the current implementation of the dialect can only handle result sets with limited size (a few thousand rows).
If you need to proceed a large amount of data, please, contact our support team. Another implementation of the dialect with a speed improvement(using IMPORT INTO) is available, but not documented and announced officially on our GitHub due to: 

1. the complex installation process
2. security risks (a user has to disable the drivers' security manager to use it)

> Please, try to avoid using IMPORT implementation if it is possible. Be aware of the security risks. 

Author: done
